docs: write first README (#32)
data-drift/kpi-git-history: README.md

# Datadrift is an open-source metric-focused data quality tool

> - Historize your key metrics with kpi-git-history to get started quickly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Historize your key metrics with data-git to get started quickly
```

- Monitor unexpected raw data updates impacting an historical metric  
- Investigate simply what data has changed and how the metric has been impacted  
- Report automatically why the metric has drifted via a shared Notion page with data consumers 
- Keep control over your data by deploying on your infrastructure 

# Get started for free
We are just launching our beta and are looking for feedbacks.

# Contributing
We <3 contributions big and small. In priority order (although everything is appreciated) with the most helpful first:

- Give us feedback by filling this [form](https://forms.gle/8q2NzoZC417cgdo38)

> - Submit a feature request or bug report directly in this [form](https://forms.gle/8q2NzoZC417cgdo38)

Reviewer: We'll use Github issues for this later
